# DAppFormation: Automatic and standardized setup of generic transaction logic for permissioned DLT
DLTs promise to revolutionize business ecosystems by permitting secure transactions without intermediaries. A widely recognized challenge that inhibits the uptake of DLT is scalability and performance. Quantifying the performance and scalability of DLT is crucial for designing DLT-based infrastructures, applications, and ecosystems, and thus, for their adoption in business and public services. 

In this repository, we aggregated all functionalitites related to setting up clients for different DLT, with wrappers which enable a standardized operation calling

## Refers to Blockchain Networks generated by BlockchainFormation:
This repository uses BlockchainFormation to set up the different blockchain networks in aws. Note that created networks are all in the same aws subnet and do not adhere to security requirements needed for productive networks, therefore do not use these networks for productive environments.

Currently, the following blockchains are supported:

* Hyperledger Fabric (very sophisticated)
* Ethereum with Geth and Parity client (very sophisticated)
* Hyperledger Indy (sophisticated)
* Quorum with RAFT and IBFT consensus (very sophisticated)
* Hyperledger Sawtooth (very sophisticated)

In order to have some centralized baseline, we also integrated
* CouchDB (single and cluster)
* LevelDB


When running the script with a correct config file, aws ec2 instances for the client network will be started.
Afterwards all necessary packages and script will be installed on the ec2 instances. The config can also be provided with ips of a custom cluster. 

# How to install DAppFormation package

1. Clone Repo

2. cd into directory
```
cd DAppFormation
```

Now it should like this:
```
ls
> DAppFormation	MANIFEST.in		README.MD		setup.py
```

3. Build Dist
```
python setup.py sdist bdist_wheel
```

4. Install Package via pip 
```
pip install dist/DAppFormation-1.0.0.tar.gz 
```

 5. Other package which one has to install:
  See [requirements.txt](requirements.txt)
  
## License

[Apache License 2.0](LICENSE)
 
